💡 added reference to readme and added arxiv link (#16)
cda-tum/mqt-qao: README.md

**Detailed documentation and examples are available at [ReadTheDocs](https://mqt.readthedocs.io/projects/qao).**

## References

> In case you are using MQT Bench in your work, we would be thankful if you referred to it by citing the following publication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you are using the MQT Quantum Auto Optimizer in your work, we would be thankful if you referred to it by citing the following publication:
```

Author: Thanks for that!
